ReadMe.md, before:

# Bipul's Web

The Official Website of Bipul Raman

Link: https://www.bipul.in

## Branches

|branch|built from|deployed to|
|---|---|---|
|`master`|`BipulRaman/www.bipul.in:main`|https://www.bipul.in|

## Defects / New feature request
You can raise defects or request new features here: https://github.com/BipulRaman/bipulraman.github.io/issues

## License
All information contained herein is, and remains the property of BIPUL RAMAN. [LICENSE file](https://github.com/BipulRaman/bipulraman.github.io/blob/master/LICENSE) stored in the root of this repo.

Some third party software has been used. Their respective license are summarised below:

|Library|Author|Licence|
|---|---|---|
|.Net Core|.NET Foundation and Contributors|[MIT License](https://github.com/dotnet/core/blob/main/LICENSE.TXT)|
|React|Facebook, Inc. and its affiliates|[MIT License](https://github.com/facebook/react/blob/master/LICENSE)|
|Material-UI|Call-Em-All|[MIT License](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/LICENSE)|
|Gatsby|Gatsbyjs|[MIT License](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/blob/master/LICENSE)|

Commit message:

Update from https://github.com/BipulRaman/www.bipul.in/commit/01ac56f1f2aaab92daea5dd768e0f893ab57807f

ReadMe.md, after:

# Bipul's Web

The Official Website of Bipul Raman

Link: https://www.bipul.in

## Deployment

|repository|branch|deployed to|
|---|---|---|
|`BipulRaman/www.bipul.in`|`main`|https://www.bipul.in|

## CI-CD Pipeline Status

|Component|Status|
|---|---|
|`Authenticated API`|[![www.bipul.in API](https://github.com/BipulRaman/www.bipul.in/actions/workflows/Deploy_Bipul.App.API.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/BipulRaman/www.bipul.in/actions/workflows/Deploy_Bipul.App.API.yml)|
|`Public API`|[![www.bipul.in Public API](https://github.com/BipulRaman/www.bipul.in/actions/workflows/Deploy_Bipul.App.PublicAPI.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/BipulRaman/www.bipul.in/actions/workflows/Deploy_Bipul.App.PublicAPI.yml)|
|`Public Web - GatsBy`|[![www.bipul.in Web](https://github.com/BipulRaman/www.bipul.in/actions/workflows/Deploy_Bipul.App.Web.Gatsby.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/BipulRaman/www.bipul.in/actions/workflows/Deploy_Bipul.App.Web.Gatsby.yml)|
|`Public Web - NextJs`|[![www.bipul.in Web](https://github.com/BipulRaman/www.bipul.in/actions/workflows/Deploy_Bipul.App.Web.NextJs.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/BipulRaman/www.bipul.in/actions/workflows/Deploy_Bipul.App.Web.NextJs.yml)|

## Defects / New feature request
You can raise defects or request new features here: https://github.com/BipulRaman/bipulraman.github.io/issues

## License
All information contained herein is, and remains the property of BIPUL RAMAN. [LICENSE file](https://github.com/BipulRaman/bipulraman.github.io/blob/master/LICENSE) stored in the root of this repo.

Some third party software has been used. Their respective license are summarised below:

|Library|Author|Licence|
|---|---|---|
|.Net Core|.NET Foundation and Contributors|[MIT License](https://github.com/dotnet/core/blob/main/LICENSE.TXT)|
|React|Facebook, Inc. and its affiliates|[MIT License](https://github.com/facebook/react/blob/master/LICENSE)|
|Material-UI|Call-Em-All|[MIT License](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/LICENSE)|
|Gatsby|Gatsbyjs|[MIT License](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/blob/master/LICENSE)|
